Hello everybody, welcome to Meltdown.
Harmontown is once again in session.
You lucky little devils.
Once you welcome to the stage, the mayor of Harmontown,
Dan Harmon.
Thank you. Where do we start?
Dan, where's your belt?
I forgot to wear a belt because I've been off my diet for so long.
The Easter thing, I don't know, there was some point where Aaron and I
slipped off of the wagon and allowed ourselves to just start.
I've been cheating on my diet quote unquote for multiple days into weeks
and this morning I put on a pair of pants and I was like, I don't need a belt.
That bowl of Cheetos last night was your belt.
Yeah, exactly. Belts are for closers.
But I forgot that jeans kind of, they expand over time.
So if I dance too much, these will come right around my ankles.
We must enforce that then.
No, no, no. And your little chicken dance is perfectly designed to me.
Also, my underwear also down around my ass.
So these guys got an eye load.
Come on, let's bring them down.
Whoa.
Fuck the queen.
You mean the prime minister, Margaret Thatcher died?
Did she, you know who else died?
Aw, you don't give a fuck about Margaret Thatcher.
Aw, no, you should care about Annette Putticello. She died.
Now say aw.
Yeah, Margaret Thatcher booed.
Don't boo a stroke. A stroke is a bummer.
Roger Ebert died.
Hey!
A guy who only got more and more awesome as he got older.
He did, yeah.
So on one hand it was like Mission Accomplished.
He really knocked it out of the park in terms of being a guy.
I'm out of breath from making my pants fall down.
Just milestones. This is a show about milestones.
That's how I feel about Roger Ebert. We kind of got to watch him die.
He made no bones about that and kind of made it very enjoyable.
He owned up to his role as a curmudgeon as he got older and older.
He became more and more of an expert in what he was talking about.
He got more and more bored with unremarkability.
But stayed a civic-minded, progressive, interesting essayist.
I was constantly reading and filling his brain with stuff and filtering it
and giving it out to people who had totally seamlessly adapted his role
from a Chicago Sun-Times movie reviewer to an online presence.
He was more facile than most 25-year-olds in terms of being out there and online.
Then he died.
He kind of wrote a thing saying,
oh, I got cancer in my leg or whatever. I'm going to hang back for a second
and I'll see you guys in a couple of days and then he died.
It's sad. I don't know. It's a bummer.
It's weird because there's a million people die every day.
Horribly. By machete that are totally undeserving.
Horrible, horrible, unjust deaths happen.
Then it's like, oh, Billy Crystal. We kind of look back on the life of a clown.
It's kind of dumb because it's like, well, fuck it, he died rich.
Billy Crystal didn't die.
I think it's just because celebrities spend their lives as an antenna
and a frame drawing our attention.
We get to talk about them.
If you're a celebrity that's famous for being a slut,
we get to talk about sluttiness.
That famous slut, it's like a tarot card, an archetype.
If you're famous for being funny and you're famous for it,
and they tell little stories, oh, this guy was famous for being rich
and then he's famous for being poor, he's famous for fucking a dog,
and they're non-people, they're ghosts.
Then when they die, we go, oh, he died.
It's kind of weird because we don't go, oh, Lebanon is on fire?
We don't do that.
It's like when Patrick Swayze died. That was a bummer.
Oh, man. Holy shit. Good segue, buddy.
From death to Roadhouse.
Our assigned movie was Roadhouse.
Anybody watch Roadhouse this week?
Well done.
Well, you know my rule, Jeff, from doing a show.
Yeah?
Be nice.
Until...
It's time not to be nice.
It's time to be not nice? How do they word that?
It doesn't come off right. Roadhouse.
Be nice. Until it's time...
Roadhouse, which I've never seen, is one of the few that's crazy.
It's weird that it slipped through my cracks,
but I think the reason it did is the same reason it's so fascinating.
There's still a couple of beavers, but it's chocolate.
It's slipping through my cracks.
Get a hold of yourselves.
I tried to push past it.
You guys got to help me out.
The show will be three hours long.
It's a show that kind of falls between the quantum definitions
of a lot of the things that we use to define a movie.
Like, is it a good movie or a bad movie?
Is it an action movie or a drama?
It's very odd.
The only thing you know for sure is it's a vehicle
for this debonair young Starlet Patrick...
What's his name?
Swayzing.
He's a star.
Well, I mean, it's a very...
His hair says Starlet, but his muscles say star.
One of the things that's very charming about it is
it has this very, very kind of uplifting message to it.
He's a guy that likes to be nice, as he says.
It's also, as a 21st century progressive,
you have to be behind the movie
because it's the gayest movie you've ever seen.
But it's kind of dishonestly gay, I guess,
because it's sort of saying,
this is a very manly movie.
It's not a gay movie at all.
So is that a crime
or is that actually a heroic move?
I don't know.
It's kind of a motif, like in 80s films,
like Top Guns, notoriously really fruity.
Yeah.
And then the manliest stuff back then, I guess.
Yeah, she said like that.
Who's the woman? Kelly?
What's her name? Kelly Lynch.
Was it Chris McKenna who said last night?
Yeah, she's a vestigial...
Oh, it was at you.
She's a vestigial female character.
Yeah, yeah.
She's just there to go through the motions.
It's always like even the hair and makeup people
on the set of the movie were like,
well, whatever.
Like, what are we doing here?
Let's talk about Patrick's peach,
Aizad shirt, you know,
and how tucked in it should be.
There is a scene when, in Roadhouse,
if you guys will recall,
when Patrick Swayze is doing Tai Chi.
I'm sitting in Tai Chi.
I wanted to talk about this.
He's certainly doing kattas or whatever,
and he's there along the riverbank,
and he's moved in on a...
the world's best apartment in a barn.
It's a beautiful Soho loft in a barn in Kansas,
so wherever they are.
And, or Missouri?
Are they Missouri?
Kansas, somewhere outside Kansas.
Kansas City, Missouri?
Yeah.
Kansas City is split.
That river might be the Mississippi.
Between the barn and Benzara's house
might be the Mississippi.
It's a metaphorical river.
I mean, it's...
But I don't know what it's a metaphorical river.
The river Jordan.
I think it's narrative laziness.
It's the old man river.
He goes to buy an apartment,
and he's driving down the road in his car,
and he buys a shitty car
because he doesn't want his Benz to get fucked up
because he knows his car will get fucked up.
And he buys a shitty car,
and there's a wistful drive down a country lane,
and it's just him going apartment shopping,
and it goes to a barn,
and it's this beautiful apartment inside
with a great big window,
which, of course, someone's going to go through
because it's a roadhouse.
There's going to be a fire,
and every window must get gone through.
It's fenestration at all times.
And across the river is Bencazara's mansion,
which is hilarious.
That is the weirdest thing.
He moves in.
It's like if Luke Skywalker,
after Mos Eisley,
if Hansel is like,
well, first thing's first.
Let's find an apartment,
and they got one across from the Death Star.
I'm like, what's that?
What's that moon over there?
That's no moon.
That's our neighbor.
You're Death Star adjacent.
And so he's doing Tai Chi,
and he's well-oiled,
and it's either sunrise or sunset,
but the lighting is great.
And then Bencazara goes by on an ATV,
and he gets a smile like, hmm.
And who's the club owner
that hires Dalton at the beginning?
I don't know who that actor is,
but anyone know the actor's name?
John Locke's dad from Lost.
Wow.
The stakes for that guy
is simply, can I have muscular men
around me at all time?
He loves Patrick Swayze.
He even loves some of the bad guys.
He's still conflicted, and like,
there's so much gay energy,
but it's not, it's proudly gay.
Any time a girl gets up on the table
and starts taking her shirt off,
like, hey, get out.
Patrick Swayze only drinks coffee,
and he just doesn't do drugs,
he doesn't drink,
and any naked women,
he just shakes his head,
and like...
It's bad business.
But also, I don't think he gets it.
He's like, naked women, what?
What do they think of next?
Okay, but the scene that Jeff's describing,
I wanted to talk about this particularly.
If we talk about nothing else,
because you guys are majority of the audience,
I want you to watch this movie
and get out your little GIF programs.
I want to see somebody's going to make a GIF
of this, an animated GIF
of the part of a roadhouse,
where Patrick Swayze is doing Tai Chi in the morning
at the bank of the river
that lies between him and the villain.
And then it cuts to...
It's just a lot of coverage
of Patrick Swayze doing Tai Chi.
And then the villain is out drinking
like mimosas or something,
and it's watching him.
And the expression on his face is just like,
huh, I'll be done.
When he's doing Tai Chi,
he's on the veranda watching him.
And he's been watching,
when he's fucking Kelly Lynch,
that's when he's on the ATV.
And he sees them, he pulls up,
and he's watching them fuck, right?
The other way around.
Oh, the other way around.
Okay, so Tai Chi, he's on the ATV.
And when they're fucking, he's on the veranda.
Okay, so the bad guy's doing a drive-by
on his four-wheeler,
and he's watching his nemesis
do Tai Chi in his shirt off.
Any time Patrick Swayze takes his shirt off,
there's a guy regarding him.
Two guys in this case.
Then it cuts to his landlord,
and it becomes like a he-haw sketch,
where his landlord is like watching him,
going, huh, I'll be tired.
It's so weird and joyful.
It's got a very joyful energy.
It reminds me a lot of Xanadu.
What genre of movie is this?
All you really know is that someone
somewhere along this weird pipeline
was having so much fun
that it almost didn't get contaminated
by the entire movie-making process.
But of course, story structure,
character arcs, logic.
None of that's there,
but the joy is still in the final cup
of what you drink.
This movie from the outset
takes place in a world where
bar bouncing is a high-stakes,
dramatic business
with all kinds of codes
and countercodes,
and it's possible to be a sell-out bouncer,
or a bouncer with integrity.
I guess in that age...
But then we find out,
we find that very subtly and very slowly,
that the reason why he's all about being nice
and playing by the rules is because
he ripped a man's throat out.
He had killed a man by ripping his throat out,
and then he does it again.
And he almost does it a third time.
And he does the three-finger claw thing,
and he's going to rip another throat out.
There's also a dead poet society moment
with shotguns.
It's like, exactly...
In the third act,
there's a moment where it's identical
to the end of Dead Poets Society early.
Instead of standing on desks,
with shotguns.
And then...
It's a weird movie.
It takes place in a weird world,
and I more than three times
called out in a false set of ways,
I'm going to die!
Which is a sign of a great movie experience.
For me, for my money,
I have to start with Sam Mele.
Because Sam Mele gets hair in this.
Sam Mele enters the movie
an hour into the movie,
or 45 minutes in. He comes in late.
That's when the movie begins.
Is Jason McCarris here?
Jason, can you come up for a second?
Jason is a friend who came to the show tonight,
and he texted me.
That's a pretty...
Pretty hesitant applause.
Jason McCarris, everybody.
Thank you.
Jason is a pedophile,
and he wants...
Why did you applaud like that?
That's one of the first round of applause.
Maybe he's a pedophile, we don't know.
The...
You texted me right before he came to the show.
You said that for some reason you were on the set of Rogue House.
I was, I was.
I just wanted to mention with the gay through line thing,
and you were mentioning the claw and ripping out the throat and everything,
that the guy he's fighting with
actually says to him, I used to fuck guys like you in prison.
Yeah, that's the line.
That's called burying the lead.
Because that line happens almost
on the fifth to last page.
I used to fuck
guys like you in prison.
But honestly,
I was like, Patrick Swayze,
he's a very charming guy,
but he's not...
I didn't remember him as being like,
we didn't go like, oh, that guy,
he's...
I'm not even insinuating that Patrick Swayze,
the human being,
I don't care if he was in or out of the closet
or around it or whatever.
Actors are all crazy, whatever floats their boat.
They all fuck fish and children or whatever.
It's an insane job.
They lie for a living to themselves
and to God.
So the good ones are good and the bad ones are bad
and sometimes you find out, oh, he likes to
put his dick in a flower.
Who cares?
But I'm just saying the on-screen icon
that is Patrick Swayze, he was...
It didn't just take place because dirty dancing
came out like right before that.
And we checked Ghost after we watched this
because we were like, is this a thing?
And I watched Ghost and he was like,
shot very differently and acting very differently.
To get into character, he kind of had a sort of
sachet to him and like...
I don't know, maybe that's the director's fault.
I did say I was on the set.
I just moved to California from
Connecticut and was movie nut.
And it was the first time I ever saw a set.
And I've never been on set before.
And it was the double deuce.
It was a facade, complete facade.
It's not real? No!
I hate to, you know, spoiler alert.
But from behind,
it's just like all boards and from the front
it really looked like a place.
And on a Sunday, I was there alone.
In this glory of being on a movie set
and there's a security guard who must have been hired
just to stay there 24 hours a day.
Yeah, kid, get out of here!
And then we came back another night, the whole family.
My mom, dad, sister and I.
And we were watching them with the lights and everything.
And out comes Patrick Swayze.
And I remember my mother being very disappointed
that he didn't look quite like he did on screen.
He was just hunched when their cameras weren't rolling
and he had a limp.
He had a horrible football injury
when he was a kid or something.
And it just affected him like all through his life.
And there's a million Swayze children
all of whom look vaguely like Patrick Swayze
and all of whom are in Roadhouse
but not prominently on camera
lest you go, what the fuck's going on?
Because they all look a lot like Patrick Swayze.
Are they really? Yeah.
I thought we were joking about that.
No, no, no. Patrick Swayze's got a handful of brothers.
There's five people in that movie that look like
kind of like fetal alcohol syndrome Swayze's.
The other could be his actual brother
who shows up every once in a while and you're like,
oh wait, that's not Patrick Swayze,
but looks just very much like him.
His mom, Patrick Swayze's mom
choreographed the
production of Sweet Charity that I was in
in Simi Valley Community Theater.
She taught me to dance.
Do you remember any lyrics from one of your songs?
Look, forget I asked.
Forget I asked.
When did controlling change?
It became about sabotage.
I thought you were really interesting.
Commit to it at least.
Thanks for coming up, Jason.
I'll excuse myself.
So you say you were on the set.
You just mean you actually like...
I was there watching them shoot and they came up
and were looking for extras and they kind of pointed at my mother
and said, hey, come here.
And she just didn't think it was her,
so she had her chance to be in the movie and blew it.
Blew it.
Sorry, mom. Where was that shot?
Valencia.
Jason McCarris, ladies and gentlemen.
Thank you.
Roadhouse.
I'm sorry, Dan.
I didn't mean to shut you down about that.
No, it's okay, man.
Just keep the show moving. That's your job.
Just keep me feeling good.
Keep my confidence up.
That's controlling.
What about the scene when Sam Elliott
starts dancing all night long
and they go to a diner?
He's dancing with Patrick Swayze's date?
Yeah. His girlfriend?
And he's got his hand around her neck.
Yeah, he's rampant, cock-blocking.
An all-out assault.
He's just whispering in her ear.
He says things to Patrick, so he's like, boy, I wish
if she wasn't fucking you,
I'd try everything I could to get her to fuck me.
That girl's got
entirely too many brains to have an ass like that.
It's pretty weird that he's a good guy.
It's odd.
I see from Twitter that
I think Spencer's drunk tonight.
What?
Spencer doesn't drink, does he?
Yeah, not usually.
Let's bring Spencer up and see what's going on.
Quickly, before the applause ends.
Spencer, have you been drinking?
No. Yeah, yeah.
Yes.
I have.
Wait, I thought you were a tea toddler.
Why?
I thought you didn't drink.
I don't.
Did you not?
I did. You did.
Who's on first?
Accurate.
End of bit.
We've been through this.
He chooses not to drink.
He knows how.
Yeah, exactly.
It's not like he's incapable of doing it.
Because on the tour bus, on the Harmontown Tour,
you didn't really drink a whole lot.
I had a shot or two, yeah.
But mostly it was Diet Coke or Mountain Dews for you.
Yeah, yeah.
I love high-fructose corn syrup.
What did you have to drink tonight, Spencer?
I had three
PBR tall boys,
courtesy of
a pikey.
The pikey.
Three tall boys.
Is that a lot? No, that's not a lot of beer, right?
Tall boys are 16 s, right?
Yeah, 16.
Something happened up front, right, Erin said she pulled up in a cab.
Oh my God, yeah. Well,
she should tell it, right?
She almost died.
She was kind of funny?
I guess it's kind of funny.
Alright, let's bring Erin out and have her...
Sorry, I don't mean to sandbag you.
No, no, it's okay. Erin McGathy, tell the almost died story.
I don't know if I almost died,
it was just weird. Oh, you almost died.
Spencer, you're drunk.
I took a...
I took a cab. Look at that smile.
Look at this guy.
I've never seen you smile like this.
I've never been happy.
See, that's what happened to me,
but I was like 13.
Yeah, yeah.
I did a lot of things out of order.
Yeah, life is like a bingo card.
Everybody learns different things at different times.
It's great. Spencer's finally learning that
alcohol takes the pain away.
It's good that you didn't learn it as a child.
You'd be like me.
Did you drive here, Spencer?
You live quite a ways away. Yeah, yeah, I drove here.
You'll be sober by the end of the show.
Well, I hope, yeah.
I mean, I haven't done any
experimental testing on the subject,
but I'd assume...
God, he's so drunk.
I'm tore up, you guys.
And it kind of looks like
he's going through fake prop folders right now.
Hey, alright, tell this cab story.
So, speaking of drinking and driving,
I took a cab here,
as I usually do on Monday nights,
because we drink during the show and I don't want to drive.
And my cab driver...
Thanks, guys.
And my cab driver,
I went through independent taxi,
which is normally a great company.
I shouldn't say the name of the company, whatever.
My cab driver
wouldn't stop when we got to Sunset and Gardener,
which is where...
Yeah.
He's like, what are you, fucking mainstream?
Stopping for you.
Corporate bitch.
Indy cab company.
So, he wouldn't stop, and I kept on saying,
no, no, stop, stop, stop, stop.
And he kept on going and dropped me off
up by the pikey,
where Spencer was standing.
I was like, oh, my friend's there. Please stop, please stop.
Like, as if that made him stop.
He was like, well, she has a friend.
I'll stop the cab here.
No relationships.
So, he stopped the car
and ran across the street.
I showed Spencer my cake,
and then my cab driver immediately
made a U-turn and got T-boned
by a car in the intersection.
And Spencer was like, you couldn't tie.
No, well, think about it this way.
Oh, stop, stop, stop, no.
How about you just turn around and take me back?
Yeah, I was funny.
Like, I almost...
I was going to have him turn around,
but I mean, if you wouldn't have been standing there...
Spencer, your alcoholism saved the day.
You may have saved my life
because I was like, oh, there's Spencer.
I'll walk back with him instead of having that driver
pull back around.
It was pretty weird.
Okay, before we bring up...
Actually, I want to bring up Camille,
because maybe he might have something to say about this.
Let's bring out Kumail Nanjiani.
I don't know
if Camille has...
I don't know.
I want to talk about Skeletor.
Oh, yeah.
From the He-Man universe.
I've got opinions.
Skeletor...
I've...
I've been researching.
Because I always thought this was the case
when I was a kid.
I would watch it as a rerun
or whatever, after school.
It would be like between Inspector Gadget
and Morgan Mindy or something like that.
And I always thought this was the case,
but as a 40-year-old, I recently looked back into this.
Skeletor from the He-Man universe.
Antagonist.
The Antagonist, the Darth Vader of the He-Man universe.
He-Man, for those of you who don't know,
was the alter ego of...
Prince Adam.
Of an identical man
with a shirt on named Prince Adam.
Who also had a very idiosyncratic looking.
They had the same animal also.
Yeah, I mean, as if having the same head and body...
Yeah, what could it be?
He also accompanied the same...
There's only one giant green cat
in this kingdom.
Yeah, Skeletor was the Darth Vader
to this character, this universe,
Eternia, I think was the name of the world.
Yeah, I always...
Remember, Skeletor
lived in a place called Snake Mountain.
That's correct.
He was obsessed with beating He-Man.
Yep.
And He-Man's mentor or, you know...
The sorceress.
His Athena, the sorceress,
who had eagle hair
and a beak head or something.
And she lived in a place called
Castle Grayskull.
That's correct.
And Skeletor was always going on and on
about how he wanted to be
in Castle Grayskull.
Which seemed appropriate.
And I looked it up.
Because Snake Mountain sounds like a terrible place.
Like, don't buy a house at Snake Mountain.
Skeletor used to live
in Castle Grayskull
according to the mythology of the...
Wait, he couldn't pay the rent?
What happened?
He got, like, evicted.
He got, like...
He got evicted from Castle Grayskull.
You're saying this is the origin story.
He didn't get, like, a slip on his door.
You have to pay the rent, but I can't pay the rent.
He used to live in Castle Grayskull.
Yeah.
I guess I didn't know that.
Well, speaking of, like...
It's his rightful home.
Oh, he used to live there.
He didn't live there with them. He lived there on his own.
It was his place.
It's a skull. It makes sense.
He lived in a skull.
He would drive up and he probably left the door unlocked
because he figured who would steal this from me.
This is some Israel-Palestine ship.
Yeah! You said it, not me.
Fuckin' air, right?
I didn't want to say it, you know,
and have you jump on me.
No, no, no. I would have agreed.
This is some shit that blew my mind.
Here's the other thing that blows my mind.
Who used to live in Snake Mountain?
I mean, there's some Snake guy
living in a honeycomb
displacing the bee or...
Buzz-off was his name.
His name was Buzz-off.
There was a giant bee person.
How far down what size hill does this shit roll?
Like, I just...
Also, the big problem I have with it is...
Okay, so if there's a whole race of people
who are like Skeletor,
why is his name Skeletor?
Well, I don't know that there's a race of people.
Well, there was one race of all people
who had, like, mosquito faces,
but you only knew one, and his name was Mosquitoer.
Are all the others just, like, Ed and Jared
and stuff like that?
Did you meet all the Mosquito people in the streets?
You see them once.
It's me, and it's all these people,
and they all have mosquito faces,
and he's like, I'm Mosquitoer.
That's Gerald.
So, the naming was always...
always threw me off, even as a little kid.
Well, there's a people named Manfred.
Like, Man and Fred.
Well, his name is He-Man.
That's the most redundant name ever.
Yeah.
He-Man really falls apart if you really look at it.
It's also... that was one...
Poor Skeletor.
I was looking, I was browsing around,
and I saw, like, a Skeletor package
that was Skeletor scuba gear.
Like, you could buy a special Skeletor
that had, like, a scuba pack.
And I just thought that was so...
Like, all those years, like, Skeletor was the good guy.
Like, this guy is, like, he's, like,
going like, ah, I'm gonna get He-Man.
I'm gonna... I'm gonna go through the water
and ruin his fishing trip, you know?
And there was a fish man.
There was, like, a Merman or something.
I could do that, and he's like, you know what? I got this.
Like, that's a good villain.
His name was Merman.
That was a guy named Merman, who lived in the...
You're, like, amazing at this.
Thank you. What about... was Ram-Man in there?
Ram-Man was in there. He was a porn star.
I had the Ram-Man toy.
Oh, his legs would go... Yeah, he would, like, go up.
He was a good guy, right?
Ram-Man was a good guy.
Was it Battle Cat and Cringer?
Cringer was the... Yeah.
I know everything about He-Man, except for the evictions.
How old are you?
I'm 33.
And you were to...
Were you almost watched the cartoons?
I watched the cartoons.
That was the biggest, like, most, like, disillusioning thing
last year. I found a DVD set for, like, $3.
I was like, oh, my God, this cartoon.
So I watched it, and I was like, oh, I must have been
a dumb shit as a kid.
Because it's so bad, that cartoon.
Like, some stuff holds up, but that one...
They use the same animation, so...
Yeah, it's really incomplete.
He-Man always walks, like, right to left,
and he, like, bounces up and down,
and they, like, work that into, like, every episode.
Yeah, well, because it was such expensive-looking animation.
It looked almost rotoscopes.
And then he would fight his evil twin,
and they would just show... they would just flip the image.
Well, what's also funny, he had an evil twin
that made a robot cyborg. His name was Fakor.
Fakor, yeah. But worst name ever.
Who looked just like He-Man, except he was blue with orange hair.
Like, you're not fooling anyone.
Except in a world where Prince Adam is a Clark Kent.
Yeah, he's like, hey, I mean...
Maybe everyone in the universe has a weird...
They all have that prozopagnosia.
Yeah, exactly.
He's like, if you're going through the trouble of making
a fucking android to replace the main guy,
make him the same hue as the main guy.
Even his hair was a different color.
So many missteps.
What was, what was Skeletor's mission?
What did he want to do?
To get his home back.
It makes me cry.
Yeah, he wanted his home back.
He wasn't the villain.
It was the power of Grayskull, right?
His home. The power of having a home.
What he called it is, like, he wanted the power of Grayskull.
But he just wanted his house back.
His house back? The power of a home.
Well, he wanted to rule all of Eternia.
Also, which is a little...
Which I'm like, I wanted to see the series where he wins
and he rules Eternia, but then it's just him,
like, doing paperwork and taxes.
And they're like, this is not as easy.
So what was He-Man's role in this universe?
Like, he was there to keep Skeletor out of his home?
He's half human, half Eternian.
And which...
That is beastiality.
Because his mom is Earthling,
and his dad is Eternian.
So, which is beastiality.
Which is also what Superman and Lois Lane is.
That's beastiality.
What do you mean, beastiality?
They're different species. Why are they fucking?
Well, different species are beasts.
No, but that's what...
What other two species have sex?
And we're like, all right, that's fine.
A giraffe in an otter.
That's the only example.
No, but I mean,
it's a sentient species.
Is it beastiality of a horse
fucks like a donkey?
Yes.
Well, actually, a horse is fucking
a horse is beastiality.
As long as one beast is involved.
Exactly.
Wow.
We've learned a lot.
Do you guys know He-Man?
Yeah.
It's pretty easy to catch up if you
go to a cursory googling.
There were a whole race of snake people in there.
And I bet they used to...
They used to live in Snake Mountain.
Yeah, because they don't always get along with Skeletor.
I bet that's what it was.
Shit.
Are you saying Skeletor is like
the Palestinians?
Well, I mean, I'm not saying...
Ooh.
I'm saying he was
displaced from a place he previously
occupied.
I mean, is it politically
controversial?
Baby, tell them what you were saying in the car.
Slamming the steering wheel.
It's just like the Palestinians!
I mean, I...
I guess they share that.
I'm saying I feel bad for Skeletor.
Okay, that's what I'm saying.
He just looks like a bad guy.
That was his only mistake.
He's also speaking of gay...
He's straight up gay on that show.
Skeletor is a gay man.
Well, I mean, not to be...
The way he literally...
First of all, dresses like a gay man
who's just learned to be gay from the internet
or something.
So does he man, by the way.
He man is straight up like a fur underwear
and leather halter top.
He's always surrounding himself
by boners.
With boners.
Does he look like...
No, no, I'm going to stick with this.
He looks like a skeleton, right?
With a hood?
He's got his skull for a head, yeah.
But he's like a skeleton
who works out because he's super buff.
What are his powers? Is he just strong?
He has a stick that...
He has a staff that glows.
Yeah, it's pretty gay.
Are there powers?
Yeah, it's a magic stick.
Also known as a wand.
It's bigger than a wand. It's a staff.
He's got a staff.
You're right.
Yeah, you know he has a scuba equipment?
Yeah, a skeleton.
Strong Spencer.
They always did that
to sell more.
They would just have more mountain climbing he-man
and shit like that.
They did that with Superman.
Superman used to be able to be in space
and then for a while he couldn't
so they could sell the Superman space outfit.
What happened in the last Dungeons & Dragons game?
You went to the Shadow Plane.
And we got the Soul of Growth.
Oh yeah, I think you got that episode before though.
But yeah, you got the Soul of Growth.
Our shadows
detached, ran off and
a dark... Wait, what?
I wasn't here last week.
We went... Robin Williams was here.
Fuck you.
There was no way.
It feels like this is like a dream you had.
All my shadow ran away
and Robin Williams was there.
That's true.
I saw pictures.
I was very upset.
So our shadows were detached
and we were in a dark
shadowy plane
where a dark version of Coco
the horse came up to us
and Erin was riding on...
What's your name?
Mulraine was riding on the horse.
Is the horse, was it a shadow?
Shadow version of Coco.
But 3D?
Or is it on the floor?
Did you drunk Spencer tell us?
Yeah, guys.
Spencer stopped trying to eat the dice
for the listeners at home, guys.
For the listeners at home.
They're colorful.
All right, Spencer.
I really hope you sober up tonight.
I think we all... This could be a tragic ending.
He just kills us off
because he's drunk.
Just then, a mysterious dark sun
appeared and animated the shadows
of Sharpie, Quark, Mulraine, and Christeberg.
The shadows newly awakened, freed themselves
and danced off towards a thicket
of ashy black columns.
Having lost their shadows, the group
was considerably weakened
and lost, having just been transported
to yet another plane.
But just then, the gang was approached
by a large, swift shadowy horsebeast
who was in the middle of the night
in the middle of the night.
A large, swift shadowy horsebeast,
though silent and slightly off,
Mulraine could tell the beast was somehow linked
to her companion, Coco,
who was last seen on the plane of Twyla.
After mounting the shadow creature
and planting a flag of sadness into the ground,
the gang pressed onward
into the stand of ebb and pillars,
hoping to regain their shadows
and find their way.
But would they truly find what they were looking for
in the thicket of ebb and pillars?
Drunk Spencer!
So I got it.
God damn it.
What is the flag of sadness?
I was listening to Harmontown today
and at some point before you guys departed,
Sharpie was like,
I saw a blue flag
made out of my sadness.
I said that?
Yeah, yeah.
It's perfect that it's blue.
That's a good color for sadness.
The reason you did it was to mark
where you had been in case you, you know,
got lost or were going in circles.
Oh. It was pretty brilliant.
Alright, so now we're marching off
towards the dark columns, right?
Towards the dark columns.
Yeah, so our shadows
are gone.
Yeah, are gone. We're going to go regain.
I don't ever use my shadows.
Turns out we took a lot of
vitality points, right?
Yeah, that's true. You guys took some ability damage.
You're weakened
and you feel kind of more ill
and sickly as it were.
So I just feel kind of shitty because my shadow had a way.
In game terms, you have
minus one strength and minus four constitution.
So it's kind of like being hungover.
It's like being poisoned.
You'll find out tomorrow.
Alright, so how about
drink Gatorade? It's a lie.
No, it's bacon sandwiches.
The British...
Don't drink bacon sandwiches either.
British scientists people, that's what they're called,
they commissioned a study
that actually linked bacon
sandwiches to ending
hangovers. And eggs.
And eggs. But you know fastest
hangover cure of all?
Sailing drip. Medical students
give each other...
You'd have to be a real loser
to have like a sailing drip at your house.
They're a real professional.
I just found out they have vans
in Las Vegas
where you can get in
and they hook you up to an IV
and you can continue gambling while they IV
salient in you.
And it kills your hangover in like 10 seconds.
Wow. That's bad luck.
The van is called a wake-up call.
I said that to somebody
in their immediate question was,
you mean like video gambling, right?
And I realized for the first time,
the alternative would be that there's a blackjack dealer in there.
That was me.
I said that.
Spencer's got him.
I was there, you guys.
How far off are these columns, Spencer?
You guys are approaching them.
Soon you'll be inside of this
entanglement of columns.
Okay, so we walk up to the entanglement of columns.
Stay with me, guys, I can see.
The floor is ashen gray
and the pitch black columns
jut out of the ground into the sky.
They're gnarled and clawed branches
grabbing at the black sky above.
You can hear an ethereal wind blowing
in the air, telling of misery and madness
and languages unknown.
I do want to do that.
Fuck.
So they can't see it, so I'll describe.
The columns are like intertwined.
It looks like they're almost grasping at the sky.
Yeah, right.
So you can, Jeff can kind of see them.
You can kind of see them, right?
Back me up, bro.
He's pretty much right.
It looks like they're grasping at the sky.
I pretend that I can totally see them.
Who the fuck do you think?
Yeah, I know.
Are they grasping? How many fingers are there?
What do you mean? They're columns.
How many columns?
How many are there?
Sharpies, bluff, falls through.
I guess.
Okay, guess.
Five.
Well, you roll to see if it's...
No, I mean, he guessed correctly in terms of convincing.
All right, you guessed correctly,
but it was clearly still a guess.
The way you threw up your hand was...
No dice, five.
No dice for a roll.
All right, so these columns...
Can I go examine the columns?
Yeah, you can.
I'll go examine the columns.
Their surface is smooth and black.
Yeah, that's what they look like.
They seem rather straight,
stretching high into the sky.
And as noted before,
they have narrow branches.
Narrow branches, so we can climb these things.
Yeah, definitely.
You're a big climber, huh?
I love to climb.
I love climbing columns.
You hear a soft squish.
Squish, squish, squish.
Oh, shit.
Is it approaching us?
Who knows, man?
I cast light.
Yeah, you do.
Your light has an incredibly diminished effect.
You can only see about 10 feet ahead of you.
You don't make anything out.
Squish, squish, squish.
Oh, god.
Do I have a torch?
Yeah, you do.
I don't think it's going to work.
I think the light shit isn't working.
But if I...
I mean, like I said before,
we're going to attach a torch to an arrow
and then shoot it towards the squishes.
But I guess that's a bad idea.
It's not a terrible idea.
Don't attack squishes.
I've been living in regret ever since we fought that dragon.
Remember that dragon came out and said,
mmm, delicious porcelain.
And you just fucking started firing at it.
You know what?
Some dragons will be like, hey, my name is Ralph.
Like, let me hang out with you.
Well, I challenge you to be so good
at archery and not attack everything that you see.
You know, like almost most of the encounters
you guys have had so far
have actually had non-combat resolutions
that were possible.
Well, there's no way we would know that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Why are you telling us this now?
Because I guess, I guess that that's the case.
Well, we disagree and consensus is you're wrong.
All right, okay.
I have a good feeling about that fucking dragon.
I think you're wrong.
You're good. You were lucky with the five columns,
but this is too much.
I start climbing up one of the columns.
I think it's my turn.
On Coco, I...
Damn.
On Coco,
I approach this,
the noise.
It says I have low light vision.
You do. Oh, right, because you're half-elf.
I think you're a human person.
You are always forgetting I'm half-elf.
That's never been said.
I don't see race.
Nice. Cool, dudes.
All right.
So, I approach...
You don't see anything.
You can hear the squishing,
but you can't see a thing.
In fact, you have the best vision,
and you can't see anything.
You can still hear it.
It sounds maybe like it's going around.
Like a circle?
You can't tell it's a circle,
but definitely different places around you.
Uh-oh.
I start climbing up one of the columns
as high as I can go.
You climb it. It feels firm
and kind of springy underneath your grasp.
It's not cold.
Kind of like a cock.
Once you go giant black ethereal column,
you never go
white giant ethereal column.
Placing your fingers
around this stiff, rigid object.
No.
You climb up the black pillar,
and you can actually...
They're all black.
It's all black pillars,
but you can see there's something pretty far off
that looks like it's not black.
It's like a tuft of color.
On the top?
Yeah, on the top of a far-off pillar.
I'm on the wrong pillar,
but I can see from this column
that I can see another one that has a different hue.
Yeah, wrong's all relative, but yeah.
Gotcha.
In this case, I would say wrong is the right word to use.
What if it was like a trap?
Then it would be the right pillar.
Maybe you're one of the four right pillars.
So how far up am I right now?
You're about 30 feet up.
I stay there.
He conceals his knowledge.
Does he tell us?
No, I pass on
what I see to everybody else around me.
Can I try and climb up to where the color is?
Yeah, yeah.
You're not quite as good as a climber
as a quark is, if I'm not mistaken.
Do you have a climb skill on the right
bar of your skill chart?
It says no numbers,
so that's infinity.
It doesn't say any numbers?
No numbers are there,
so I assume I have all of the climb points.
It's infinity, yeah.
I climb down
and say, you know what, I see another column over there.
What's up there?
You can't see, because you have
low light vision, right, not dark vision.
You can only kind of make out
the outline of maybe
it looks kind of like a blob.
It doesn't really look like much.
But it's a color.
It's definitely color, and everything's pretty much black and white in this world
and gray, so it's kind of
contrast.
Why don't you go levitate up toward it?
I shall.
Why don't you, like in Roadhouse,
get nipple to nipple with it?
Squish, squish, squish, squish, squish.
Casting levitate, right?
That's happening? Yeah.
You flow, uh, you slowly slowed up
into the air.
Slowly slowed up.
It's foster brooks.
It sounds like
a slur against some kind of race.
You go into the
you go into the
you go into the underground chamber.
You go into the underground chamber.
So you're floating up in the air.
You're a good 20 feet, you know,
away from the elevation that you need to be at.
So you continue to ascend.
Squish, squish, squish, squish, squish.
I use
I use wild empathy,
and I ask
Coco if she knows what that's squishing.
Why would you ask the squish person?
Oh, they're far away. Or they're not
available.
Like you haven't seen them.
Okay, Coco doesn't respond.
I mentioned in the last session, Shadow Coco
can't communicate. Shadow Coco.
Yeah. Once you go Shadow Coco.
We never go
Corporal Coco.
Um, as the old saying goes.
Alright, well I
what can I do here?
I feel like I haven't done anything.
You got traps.
You have a bow.
You're aggressive.
That's true.
I want to do, hey guys, can we all agree
let's have a non-conflict resolution.
Yeah, let's find the non-conflict resolution.
Alright, Shadow.
Let's do this.
Alright, I yell out to the thing.
Have you heard Lady in Red?
Hold
Oh
What did it say?
He said, hold on.
I'm sorry, what did you say?
I yell. I yell it out at the top of my
impressive lungs.
Holdo
It's like he's saying holdo.
I yell out
You
can pass
if you want.
We should have
decided what you should yell before you yell that.
It's an inversion of the classic
you shall not pass.
Good to know.
Oh, it's a person who can speak.
He's talking to us.
Squish person.
Thanks for the notes.
Do you come in peace?
I would say
so.
I clamber down
from the column and I
walk out to the middle of
the columns
and I summon
the squishy people to me.
I'm excited he is.
The squishy people.
That also sounds racist.
Sharpie is still floating up in the air also.
You were probably like
approaching him so like you'd get to him
first before you would get that
chronologically unless you want to float down to the ground.
Sorry, I don't get that.
You're floating in the air.
You just want to chill?
I like it.
You're floating in the air.
That's what you're doing.
You're getting close.
That's what I'm saying.
You're approaching it.
You make it out it's actually a person.
What is the person like?
This is getting real racist.
You find a wise and old man sitting
up in a tree in very tattered yet
shimmering white rags that stand out
in stark contrast to the black column
he is perched in.
Jesus Christ.
Dear sir.
Go ahead.
Hi, I'm Mulraine.
Sweetie, you're down there.
Yeah, I'm down here. I'm calling up.
Is that okay?
Dear sir,
I'm Mulraine.
I'm sorry, that's my girlfriend.
And these are
my friends.
We mean you no harm, obviously.
What's your story?
Breffi the Wanderer
This is my name.
I've been wandering for all my life.
Never sleeping in the same place twice.
Sweeping in the same place twice?
Twice.
I say nothing, I just float back down.
I climb up the column
to Breffi.
Breffi? Breffi?
Breffi the Wanderer.
I climb up.
I like the sound of this guy.
So I climb up the column to talk to him.
How's it going?
I extend a small hand
and welcome.
He takes your small hand.
What is a small hand?
I said...
Don't you have just the hands you have?
I'm small. You can pick hands?
I'm a small gentleman.
I'm a gnome.
He's like a reference to a six-year-old boy.
He's a little man.
I didn't know this the entire time.
In my head,
it was just you, but you don't have a tie.
Now...
Now go back and think of me fucking Coco.
It's way better.
That's why you had to stand on the tree stump?
It's like fight club for you.
No, but dude, if I have to fuck a horse at my height,
I have to stand on a tree stump.
Just maybe a less witty one
than the one you would have to.
Exactly.
Okay, so I say to him,
look, our shadows have been taken from us.
Do you know anything about this?
You know, I just saw some shadows wandering down
not too long ago.
Yeah.
Listen, I'd love to help you folks,
but right now we're being surrounded by Phantom Fungus.
Phantom Fungus.
Phantom Fungus!
I summon Dalton.
I didn't hear that. I'm sorry.
I wish we had a cooler
from a notorious roadhouse
sparse to come clean up the action.
Yeah, it's time to not be nice.
Do I have any
thing I can use here?
You have traps.
Can I ask him something
and he can ask the guy?
Hey! Hey!
Quirk.
Can you hear me? I've got
strong pipes from my years of touring.
Could you ask...
What's his name? Bruffy?
I'm Bruffy.
Did he say his name was Bruffy?
Bruffy the Wanderer.
Could you ask Bruffy if the Phantom Fungus...
I mean, they sound like bad guys,
but are they good guys or bad guys?
And is the Phantom also with an F?
Two questions.
Bruffy, when you say we're being surrounded
by Phantom Fungus, is that a threat
or are they cool?
Phantom Funguses are mindless
Funguses that try to eat people.
Also, they're invisible.
And impervious to
pluralization.
Did you not ask
the F question? Is Phantom with an F?
Or is also Fungus with a P.A.?
Can you also ask why he's so unaffected?
Why he's not afraid?
Are you unafraid because you're standing up on top of the column?
I feel like Q-wise my
question was before.
If we're going just in terms of...
I climbed down the column,
put Christopher on my back
and climbed back up so he can have this conversation
with Bruffy the One.
Real quick question, Bruffy.
I'm Bruffy!
Yeah, I heard that.
Now, this seems like it's not
really going to count, but is the Phantom
with an F?
Or is the Fungus with a P.A.?
Or is it spelled like you normally would spell it?
He looks down to the ground for it,
mulling it over.
I can't spell!
Can you take me back down?
Yes.
We have a tradition as a group
of attacking everything that wants to be friends
with us and having
these Keystone cops encounters
with everything that's just an animal.
Every time a bear just wants to eat us,
we end up changing
pants with each other.
Can you carry me up there ever?
I climbed down
and dropped off Christopher and picked up Mulray.
Thanks, bro.
I'll see you on the flip-flop.
If you'd asked him, is a flip-flop
with an F or a P.H.?
The first flip is with a P.F.
and the other one's a P.H.
Like Pfizer.
And the other one's like fat.
Like a Tuesday fat, Tuesday or person?
No, like a P.H. fat.
Like a Tuesday.
So I put Mulray on my shoulders
and I ferry her back up the column
to have her ask a question.
That happens.
Hi.
Why aren't you afraid?
Well,
I'm used to phantom funguses.
They come around the ebb and thicket quite often.
Can you tell him it should be fun guy,
not funguses?
I climbed down
and I picked up Christopher.
Oh, and I asked Christopher
before he goes up, I put a note in his pocket.
That's my question.
Okay, sorry. How about this?
I climbed down the column.
I take out a pad of paper
and I have everybody write down their question.
My name's not a question.
It's just more of a helpful statement.
As that's happening, Breffi comes down.
Oh, thank God.
Oh, shit, we didn't know you could do that.
Breffi, what's your secret for dealing with these phantom funguses?
First of all, that is the correct pluralization.
I didn't want to be shitty
in this sort of moment.
It's fun guy.
That's me as Christopher
and Breffi.
You should dodge.
You do dodge.
You feel something come
within inches of your face.
But, uh,
I feel something come
within inches of my face.
Is this still the black pillar?
So I dodged
I dodged whatever.
No, no, he dodged, uh,
Christopher.
You got it right in your eye.
That's not so.
Alright, so he's down here.
So Breffi, what the fuck?
We are being attacked
right now!
What advice do you have to give us for the phantom fungus?
You get hit in the face.
See?
I dodged.
You feel an invisible presence hit you in the face.
I should have just stayed up on that column.
That's true.
You take six damage.
Sharpie, do you have any ideas?
Uh, yeah, I cast Mage Armor.
That's a good idea.
On everybody?
Nope.
It only works on him.
It increases your AC by four.
That makes you harder to hit.
All of us?
Nope, just him.
It's an investment.
Uh, I take
my rope
and I
tie the end
to your feet.
I tie the end like a loop, like a lasso.
And I
get out of the way, everyone!
My friends get out of the way.
And I start whipping it around in the circle.
Wait, do you ever tell us how long the rope is?
So that we're out of the
radius of it.
It's 12 feet.
Alright, let's go 13 feet, everyone.
Covered in column cum.
I'll hold my hand.
Careful, everyone.
I'll take care of this.
I'm going to detect the phantom creatures with my
rope tracker.
Why are you looking at me like that?
No, I'm watching.
And I start whipping it
around in a circle.
And everyone thinks
I'm doing a good job.
She's doing great at that.
Is rope tracker a thing?
No, it's not.
The premise is if there was
an invisible entity in the way,
the rope would interact with it.
So I will know where the phantom
fungi are.
But she doesn't have a thing in her
sheet that says rope tracker.
I'm calling it my rope tracker.
Oh, she's calling it.
That's why I'm laughing.
You're making up
you're like a he-man.
It's just my rope, I'm naming it.
Like I named Coco.
You feel your ropes slap against
something invisible.
Can I do use
rapid shot and fire an arrow?
No, don't just fire again.
We're going to get out of this without fighting it.
But these are fungi that are going to
eat her faces.
Hey, but look at the name.
They're attacking us.
They're funguses.
All right, funguses.
I
take out my poison dagger
and I sniff it, which most people
don't know gets me slightly high, but also gives
me, I can see invisible things.
Yeah, you wish.
That'd be cool. You can believe
that's true. Maybe, can he
see where my rope tracker
landed? You can all see where it hit.
So you can see where it hit something.
I hit right there. Yeah, I did.
I take out my poison dagger.
That's where it hit.
I can't
I can't detect sarcasm.
And I hurl it at
the funguses.
The sarcasm?
No. That is not a constructive thing
to use.
He flips it around.
By poison dagger.
Okay, so you're throwing the poison dagger.
Throw that poison dagger?
Okay.
Whipping back quickly, you strike.
You fling the poison dagger
with great grace and swift
misalakrity. They're slightly
impressed. Yeah.
More than slightly. They're fucking
impressed. In the place that you think
that the phantom fungus must be.
It does not hit. Fuck.
Can someone go get my dagger?
Spencer, what is weapon
focus? Weapon focus
makes you
better at hitting with the weapon that you have.
Shit, I should have known that.
Can I still detect, even though I'm covered
in the fungus? You know where the rope
hit, whether or not the creature is still there
at this point. I don't think the thing is in your face
still. I think it just hit you and moved on, right?
Is Mulrainee still swinging her
rope tracker? No, you can only do that
once or twice.
The way the rope tracker works.
Do it until I hit something.
What are my goggles and my
newt seeing? If you're searching
around, you can see things better.
Almost kind of like if you're
like an investigator with a magnifying glass
or something. Would it help with this?
This is invisible. You don't know that it wouldn't.
It'll help you see
and you can't see this. I put on my goggles
of my newt seeing and I take out my far
sword and I use my weapon focus
and I try to do a far sword attack
on the invisible fungus.
Donning the goggles of my newt seeing,
you can see things minutely in a way
that you couldn't before.
You can notice
the hazy, not hazy, you can
notice the slight difference between shades
of gray where footsteps appear to be
being made to the floor.
Swinging your sword
in a wide arc, you unfurl a beam.
Not a beam, fuck everything.
What if I just like walked
out the back right now?
Swinging your sword
in a wide arc, a burst
of far sword energy
and watches to where you think
the phantom fungus is
currently residing.
Currently residing.
Where it files its taxes.
That's a critical hit, you guys.
Critical hit.
Thank you.
Currently residing.
I attacked it at home.
Your sword says
resident of it.
You hear a great whoosh as your
blast of energy blasts through the
clearing that you were kind of in.
You hear a flump, flump.
You see materializing before
your eyes two halves of a very
disgusting looking phantom fungus lying
on the ground slain.
I fucking did it.
Thank God for that rope tracker.
Hey, you know what fun guy hate?
Funguses.
Dryness, heat,
light, fireball.
But he's dead.
Honey, he's dead. Stop, stop, he's dead.
Please, you're just
desecrating its corpse now.
I thought there was more than one.
That was a fun guy, not a fun guy.
No, it's fungus is.
Like there's multiple fungus is.
Like you're right.
There's more out there.
One of them is dead though.
How many more are there?
I love how you're.
Do you want to borrow my rope tracker?
Do you want to let me cast?
You use it so well.
You don't know where to cast it.
Dude, I'm going to aim in the general
direction of where it's a big spell
with a big effect, a big area of effect.
It's a fireball.
Don't do it at the one
that's already dead.
Can we use the rope tracker to figure out
where it is and then use the fire?
We're all using it.
It's hot. It's like
metrosexual. Remember when we were saying that?
More than invented rope tracker technology.
Let's use it.
All right, all right.
I feel I'm eating a little bit of crow here
because I made fun of it, but I'll wait for
the rope tracker to tell me where to cast
my fireball. So when you do the rope tracker,
we kind of have to like get on our knees, right?
You don't have to. You're tiny, but
it goes up over our heads. Right, right.
And I extend the rope to 25 feet.
That'll make it a bit harder to control.
You're
really pushing your new invention
to its limits, huh?
You remember the first plane
was only airborne for like 40
some seconds.
All right.
I bring
it back at 5 feet.
So like a 15?
20. Yeah, I forgot what I said
last time. Just make him sure.
20.
12? 12.
Do 17 feet.
It was 17.
It's a nice prime number.
The rope tracker wasn't designed for this.
For heavy math.
This is heavy math, you guys.
This is what heavy math is.
Simple subtraction.
All right, I take the rope tracker
and I
put it above my head.
I feel like it could use
a better name also.
The Adventure Facilitator.
Okay, 17 feet.
I thought I would get a bigger reaction to that.
It's still the rope tracker.
I whirl it around my head.
I'm going to use clock notations.
Your rope strikes an entity
at 4 o'clock.
Fireball, 4 o'clock when I get a chance.
Okay.
Like when you see an attractive girl at a bar.
Are you using the same nomenclature?
I don't...
That's what happens at bars.
I've been drunk once.
I've been drunk more than once.
What's happening?
4 o'clock.
Okay.
Casting your arms in a magical manner.
You conjure up a brilliant orb of fire.
Although it's light is slightly
muted in the shadow plane.
Ignamious infernum.
Launching the sphere of light
where you think the rope tracker
identified the phantom fungus.
It launches.
It strikes the ground
right where you thought it would be
and explodes into a huge radius of fire.
The black columns
are consumed in the flames.
And although it is a bit dim,
you can see they're starting to light up in fire.
Oops.
The charred husk of a phantom fungus
falls.
Woo!
Yes!
Shoot that potion, dagger.
Awesome.
Hey, Breffi.
Oh, yeah, what's Breffi up to?
Hey, guys.
I'm Breffi.
Uh...
Jump in any time.
You lit the forest on fire.
Well, I was pushed to that.
Can't make it on without breaking a few eggs, right, Breffi?
We're gonna have to leave
unless you want to die of suffocation.
Let's leave.
It's that bad?
Forest fires will kill you, yeah.
Everyone can jump on Shadow Coco, right?
Not everyone.
I'd say you could fit...
I called Shotgun on Shadow Coco.
Well, I have Shotgun.
You could fit one person in Quark.
Because Quark is really small.
I get on the back of Coco.
I don't think that's a good idea.
It's like you feel like you've been there before.
I can only take one of you.
I can cast Haste.
And move very fast.
Yeah, you can.
I can move...
I was gonna say I can move silently,
but that won't make a difference to a fire, right?
It certainly wouldn't.
I hide from the fire by closing my eyes.
According to Denial,
in Backdraft, it's a living thing.
All right, well, I try and reason with it, then.
You form some compelling arguments,
but it's not soaking in.
Is it good to flee these columns?
Or is there more to be gained from these columns?
Was anything ever gained from these columns?
The guy, Breffi.
Breffi the Wanderer.
I'm Breffi.
But, I mean, you know,
if those weren't there, he would have just been standing
in roughly the same area, probably.
Okay, so there's nothing to be gained.
Well, Breffi, where should we...
Where to?
We should get away from the fire.
Who are you?
Breffi sounds like a character in an old CD-ROM game.
I feel like we should keep him around with us.
Like Oregon Trail?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'd like to buy three pounds of bacon.
I'd love to Oregon Trail.
Me too, great game.
So, can I also run with these guys?
Oh, yeah, I'd recommend it.
I do it.
Nice.
You guys are fleeing the fire.
Can I go and get my dagger?
Yeah, yeah.
I get my dagger and then I run.
All right, we flee.
Hurriedly fleeing from the fire.
You find yourself amidst something I'm going to read.
Sweet.
The fire is far away now,
but you're still within the thicket of columns.
And as you can see,
there are woven between the black shadowy trees,
sticky braid-like nets
and meshes of shivering white webbing,
which stands out in stark contrast
to the dull grays and blacks of the plain.
The webbing envelops the entire forest
from this point on,
blanketing in thick, ropey strands of silk.
You can see bubble-like pustules on the webby floor,
ominously pulsing,
and the path that Breffi has been leading you down
is barred by webs and nets
strung between the trees.
Be careful now.
We don't want to disturb any FaZe spiders.
Yeah, no shit.
What's their name? FaZe spiders?
FaZe spiders.
Isn't they FaZe?
FaZe.
Not like FaZe spiders.
Okay, good.
FaZe spiders sound scarier.
FaZe spiders.
Or the FaZe spiders.
Guys, I don't want to be a dick, but I don't like Breffi.
I don't know. He helps us.
What did he help us do?
Can we get rid of Breffi?
He didn't really help us with the fungus.
Is he an ear shot of this discussion?
Yeah, he is.
Can we whisper?
I take Breffi.
I make a loud sound while you guys discuss it,
so he can't hear.
I take Breffi in Roadhouse fashion.
Lady in red.
I sing that.
I take Breffi by the collar
if he has a collar on, and I pin him up against
like a tree.
His collar is vaguely sticky.
Okay, well, it helps me
hold on to him better.
It definitely does, yeah.
I hold him up against the tree and I go, listen Breffi,
if you let us into a trap, so help me God,
I'll knee you in the nuts, Sam Elliott style.
Does this
look as adorable as I think it looks?
That's
your guys' call.
You should knee him in the nuts just to be safe.
All right, I'll good cop this.
Hey, man, why would he...
No, Sharpie, stand down!
Why would he lead us into a trap by telling us
to be careful for phase spiders?
We left the fire
and he took us into a phase spider nest.
No, we just ran from the fire
and he's warning us about this.
We just thought this was elegant white silk.
I mean, should we use
the rope tracker?
Well, we know where this stuff is.
I mean, it's a great invention, but I don't think
we need it every step of the way.
Is there a way to get around the phase spider area?
I mean, why would we have to walk through this?
Because you're getting...
He's a fireman.
I mean, you could, yeah, you could pick your way away from him.
Can I use...
Is there a magic beast
that I could summon that could kind of
guide us through this area?
You can summon nature's allies,
but they wouldn't be, like, particularly great
at guiding you through because they're from a different plane.
So... Yeah, silence.
So I shouldn't do that.
I mean, if you wanted another ally
on your team, it would work.
But if you wanted a guide, it wouldn't work.
Can I use a hat of disguise and look like a phase spider?
Oh, Jesus. No, you can only emulate
humanoid creatures with the hat of disguise.
Aren't I from this area?
You're from the plane of Twila,
which is a different dimension than the plane of Shadow,
but they're related.
There's a thing we have to go through this.
You don't have to do anything.
Are there, like,
is it like an alternate dimension, like a Shadow World?
So there would be real world counterpart to this area?
Yeah, definitely.
So I do know the terrain a little bit.
Well, actually, interestingly enough,
it's different than the plane of Twila
that you remember.
So it's not the same.
It's similar a bit, but it's not the same
as the plane you're recognizing.
Guys, there's nothing I can do.
So I examine the immediate surroundings right in front of us.
You're, like, there's the path before you,
but it's covered in webs.
You'd have to, like, cut down the webs.
I take out my sword.
That's not a good idea. That's how they found out.
Or you could sneak through them.
I think that's better.
I use my ability to have my small size
and my ability to sneak about.
You're sneaky, too.
No, that's one they'll come for.
Light them on fire.
That didn't work for us like two minutes ago.
Well, I mean...
Or you could light yourselves on fire.
I'm just throwing out options.
The reason we're here is because
one fireball, like, fucking took out a whole forest.
I mean, it's kind of like having
the U.S. Air Force on our side.
We could just defoliate this area.
Anybody out there have any advice for us?
They're basically like drones.
Yes, somebody was raising their hand.
Oh, you were just stretching.
I think their advice would be to pause it
and we should close out the show
and address the spider nest
next week, right?
Cliffhanger?
We've got to pick a movie for next week.
Spiderman's Cliffhanger!
APPLAUSE
Because, I mean, what would happen?
Thank you, Kumail Nanjiani.
One more time for Camille.
Kumail Nanjiani.
Erin McGathy.
APPLAUSE
Hi.
Jesus Christ.
She just spilled her wine.
She handed me her character sheet
and it was kind of soaked with wine.
She's...
I didn't get my suit in it.
It's a little clumsy.
I'm supposed to have a baby with you?
What?
LAUGHTER
I like that you say,
I'm supposed to.
Like, you're an alien and
your overlord would say,
you must procreate with her.
Sorry, I spilled my wine.
One day you'll be spilling wine for two.
LAUGHTER
Think about that, Dan.
If you get me pregnant, I won't drink.
Don't negotiate with terrorists.
LAUGHTER
APPLAUSE
Erin McGathy, everybody.
Always make an exit.
APPLAUSE
It's like a crime scene over here.
There's fucking red wine everywhere.
Think about it, nine months
in which I'll be absolutely
incapable of...
I dare you to get me pregnant.
LAUGHTER
I think
I would like...
I'm going to be selfish here
and use the Harmontown Movie Club
as my own personal movie jukebox
and assign a movie that I would like to watch again
and discuss next week.
I think that's fair.
Was the person that suggested
Roadhouse last week here tonight?
Who is that?
What's your name?
Lisette? Thank you very much.
It was a good chance to see a movie I hadn't seen.
But
there's a movie I have seen
that I think everyone should see
and that whether or not everyone in this audience has seen it again...
I think they should see it again.
I brought up
Zardaz in the green room.
I really want anybody to...
By applause, who has not seen Zardaz?
By applause.
So this is important.
How much do you want to see
Sean Connery in fur, leggings
and diapers?
Here's the...
We won't go into too much detail.
It's a good start.
Start it earlier than you think you should.
Don't start this at 11pm.
Don't go to the bar with your friends
and then go like 8 o'clock
Zardaz my place and smoke and joint.
This is a...
Have an espresso.
Break it into two days maybe.
The last third of the movie
goes very 70's.
The whole thing is insane.
Without spoiling anything
the director's commentary
that I listened to
at the beginning of the movie
what's the guy's name? John Borman?
I think...
He says something like...
If this isn't the quote
then it's funnier than this.
He says like
Hello, I'm John Borman.
I directed a movie called Zardaz
in 19, whatever it is,
79.
It took
X weeks to shoot.
The budget was X million dollars
and I'll be the first to admit
it kind of got away from me.
It's something like that.
If that's not
what he precisely says
then what he says is actually even funnier than that.
And the movie is
more so than
Roadhouse, I mean it's just beyond
because the 70's was a completely different time.
Before that
Shark blew up at the end of Jaws
there was a different era in cinema
when there was a whole different timeline
that might have been where
American cinema was just like, it could have been anything.
We still thought movies were like
a thing that you did that was kind of
half-art, half-populist
pacification. It wasn't like fully just like
hey, everything has to have a
weird, like in the 70's
a movie could just end with
the hero going
to keep blowing his own brains out or
just go to black and just credits
would roll and silence. You never knew what the fuck
was going to happen at the end of a movie.
Zardaz, you don't know what the fuck is going to happen at the beginning
of the movie. I've seen that movie three times
I don't know what that movie's about.
It's a little bit, I mean
there are elements of it that are
that's what's great about it. It's not just a
shitty movie that's like
my favorite thing about bad movies
is not because
this is what I didn't like about
leprechaun and the hood and stuff
and why I won't even bother to watch
Piranha 3D and stuff like that is like
there's a line where
the shitty movie is self-aware
of its shittiness and it's like, hey
you'll watch a shitty movie
let's make a shitty movie
and my favorite shitty movies
are shitty movies that are trying
to be Citizen Kane and Zardaz
really fits the bill.
Xanadu is another one
and I think Roadhouse kind of qualifies
it's like, hey, let's blow people's minds with this movie
Zardaz is like
let's watch it and we'll talk about it a little bit
it hits on themes of immortality
I know that. Dan, can we get Lisette
up on stage? I want to talk about the ending of
Roadhouse. Lisette, would you
come up on stage with us? Lisette
Grab a Michael, Lisette
You're very familiar with the movie Roadhouse obviously
Yes I am. Can we talk about the ending
of that movie? Yes, what
in particular? When the polar bear falls
on the fat guy.
Oh yes, the coat of silence
sort of. Yeah
The fat guy is a bad guy
right? Yes he is. And he keeps getting
his ass kicked throughout the film. Yes.
And he keeps coming back for more. Right.
And then he gets
Patrick Swayze hides behind a water buffalo
or a yak at some point
and then he's ducking and dodging
between Ben Guzara's stuffed animals
Right. And
there's a lot of gay threats
and he's going to fuck him in the ass and mount his ass
and there's like weird things going on
and then the fat guy
is running around and then all of a sudden
Patrick Swayze we presume is pushing
a polar bear on wheels toward him
and he puts
four or five bullets into the polar bear
and it falls down on him and it seems
to kill him but it just turns
out it stuns him right? Right.
You listen.
If you want me to do some kind of like analysis
I want you to tell me what you think
the ending of that movie like
explain the end of that
movie to me. Well towards the end
what's his name Mr. Waverly
Yes. Mr. Waverly
is gunned down by the townspeople
who he fucked over.
Right. And thrown through a coffee
table. Right.
The last act of defenestration there's so many windows
thrown through. The last window
is the window to the floor. There's a giant square
glass coffee table
there's only one piece of plate glass left
of this town and you're going through it.
He's also been shot 11 times.
It actually seems as if like
he did some kind of acrobatics and like jumped
backwards. Yeah. That's what it looks like.
And also they punch a guy his nose is already bloody
first. It's so like the nose is already
bloody and the fist comes in and it's
already the blood. But then the fat guy
when everybody they gather up the guns at the
end and like we're going to hide the crime
it's going to be a coat of silence. Right.
And then in the background the fat guy
who we a moment ago
was squashed by a giant
appears out of nowhere. Yeah one and a half ton bear
polar bear
but he's kind of like up he's like he's in the
background. He's like he's he's he's
still got his gun.
Yeah it's like it's like hey so and so do
you know anything no I don't do you know
anything no I don't do you know anything
no I got hit on by a polar bear
I got knocked over by a bear
and then they cut
to him fucking sharp titties again.
Oh can we talk about Kelly Lynch's boob job
a little bit to that movie. Wow Kelly
Lynch right yeah Kelly Lynch.
There was some complicated. I know
I know her as the mom from Curly Sue
that's all I know right. Wow that was a
strange strange set of tits
razor sharp razor sharp yeah
razor sharp yeah you could you could
have put his eyes on and while I like
like like like a clear division between
them like like like like one one in
each armpit perfectly round kind of
right how you describe that like
like a boob here and a boob there like
headlights like like like with a
total drill between that versus
sand dollar nipples that would have been
not attractive. You don't like the sand
dollar nipples. I'm not a fando.
You'd rather have the pointy
like angular
made it carved out of wood tits
those tits
those tits were roughly shewn
I would say they were more
aesthetically pleasing I think for
cinematic purposes I think yeah.
What would you say the ideal nipple size
diameter would be listen
if you had to pick. The diameter
diameter is half a radius
or double the radius I forget no it's
double the radius yeah double the radius
sorry math tutor
I would say I would say
no no bigger than
two or three centimeters maybe no bigger
two or three centimeters yeah okay
you went metric on us I love that
yeah okay let's go
with stuff in our pockets a quarter or a half dollar
I'd say no bigger than a nickel
right depending on
how old you are and if we're not
we're talking pre or post lactation well isn't
it usually dependent on the breast size
not necessarily you know your nipple
expands actually according to how much milk
you lactate and
or this is biology speaking
why did I have you up here earlier
if you had a boob the size of a basketball
maybe if you had
couldn't your areola be
you know bigger
not according to a lot of the porn I've seen no
we're saying the full areola
nipple being the whole areola no bigger than a nipple
no no bigger than a nickel
nickel yeah a nickel sorry
but then again you have to ask yourself
if we're talking pre or post lactation
and when when how old
is the woman
I don't know why
the question was this but the question we were asking
he was asking
what's the ideal nipple size
now we've gone into what's the likely
nipple size I would say ideally
why not no bigger than a nickel you're talking
nickel sized nipples yes an areola
all told yeah why not
nickel uh nickel between all right
nickel nickel to quarter are you
are you nickel quarter what's happening
what's happening
I'm really
I'm really a man actually
really yeah all right take him out
no thank you take him out Lissette
let's
thank Lissette I think
Lissette thank you
that went to places unknown
thank you Lissette
we will table
we will table that nipple discussion until next
next week what are you Howard Stern now
what's happening
what's happening she has such a hard
fast rule on nickel sized nipples I don't
I mean you brought her up you asked her
about nipples she started answering and then
you're like get yours out wouldn't put him out
I'm a journalist then
nipple to nipple
nipple to nipple exactly
roadhouse style yes yes yes everyone
yes
but be nice until it's time not
to be nice
whatever I have no notes I'm not critiquing
anyone I had I had a fine time
I had a fine time meeting
how do we close the show what do we do
all right okay Dan are you going to try this
out yeah all right we're going to end big
we're going to fucking go out swinging huge
this is accent this one's gnarly
feel it first
let come to you
yo yo yo
Middle East yo
bazaar yo yo
yo say no mad
yo yo
911 mother yeah
my name's Dan Harmon mother fucker
I'm gonna fuck your ass like my name was Chris
Tucker go in it to the
sand dude and fuck a camel gonna fuck
your mama so hard the tooth and
Namo came off
I made her cough and my cum
came up and went up to the
thing sing
la la la la la
la la la la la la
stop singing
whoa whoa whoa
what do I do stop singing mother fucker
well Dan
all you have to do is keep
rapping as hard as you can dance as hard
as you can make those pants
come down baby
I would say use that in case of emergency
in case the lyrics don't get where you want to go
I fucked your mama so hard she got
on a plane I fucked your mama
I caused her vagina pain
I fucked your mama the floatation device
got out of the plane and
made her feel nice she took a parachute
down to the sea
I fucked your mama for America
and you and me I fucked your mama so hard
her thighs started to shake
I fucked your mama like her name was Duke Nukem
or Quake I fucked your mama
like a first person shooter
I fucked your mama in her pussy
in her pooter I fucked your mama
in her shoe in her eye
I fucked your mama till the day
I die I see the future
and I've seen the past I fucked
your mama so hard she's the first
and the last I love your mama
I'm committed to her
I fucked your mama like I was made
of fur I'm a big Harry
Sean Connery mother fucker
I fucked your mama cause my
Chris Tucker yeah okay
give me a chance I fucked
your mama till I lost my pants
gonna dance up and down till my
pants come down around
oh different song
alright
rapping till my pants come down
rapping till I'm all
in loud rapping
change the pronunciation of words
rapping till I show you where my
turds are made
in my butt gonna rap
till my pants come down to luck
gonna rap till my pants come down
gonna rap I can't
think of the two things
in rapping at the same time
very hard makes it hard to rhyme
dancing around till my pants fall down
only thing you can say is down
a little rhymes clown fuck your mama
so hard as in the sky
I can't do it I can't do it
alright
you just rap
I'll take care of the rest
just give me a second
goodnight
hope you drove home real safe
fucked your mama so hard
her thighs chafed
fucked your mama in a restaurant yesterday
fucked your mama so hard
alright come on stop it
we gotta
now stop it don't restart it
we blew it
we can't end the show that way
you've heard of a false start
that's a false stop
we gotta figure out a different way to end the show
why couldn't your pants fall down
my pants can fall down
but I can't improvise a rap
while I'm making my pants fall down
what do you want from me
like what
neither of us get paid to do the show
can you focus on the rap
just forget about the pants
and just focus on the rap
but I already did
history has taught us
that there's only so much rap in me
once we get into the 8th, 9th, 10th
verse it starts to
be kind of
uncompelling
for them
they start to get disappointed
and anxious
they start looking for the door
they get a little upset
they start to feel held hostage
but this is when things are exciting
like in Mr. Toad's Wild Ride
it takes you to hell
but you know it's gonna end
the cart stops and Mr. Toad goes
okay well
sorry about taking you to hell
there's something wrong with one of the tires
I'm just gonna get up Mr. Toad's Wild
toolbox
try to figure out what's going on
hold on an indefinite number of minutes
like you'd be scared
you'd feel out of control
you wouldn't go on that wild ride
take us to hell then because Mr. Toad's Wild Ride
we're in hell and I'm saying I'm getting out my toolbox
and it's not a good wild ride
I'm embarrassed
I want to be a good showman
I want to be a good host
you
you are a good showman
yo, yo, yo
thank you for coming to Harmontown everybody
one more time
for Kumail Nanjiani
Erin McGathy
yo, yo
Spencer Crittenden
yo
Lisette, thank you very much
Aldrin, happy birthday
everybody here at Meltdown
I'm Jeff Davis
yo, yo
now get ready for the fucking
show closing
show stopping freestyle rap
for this ankle's styles
of the mayor of Harmontown, Jen Harmon
show stopping
gov stopping
fuck your momma don't sweepin' and moppin'
put rice on the shelf
fuck your momma so hot
I started to belch
fuck your momma now and then
fuck your momma like a hen
she was pecking
at the seeds in my balls
fuck your momma in Niagara Falls
with inner barrel down her vagina
fuck your momma in North Carolina
she was on the side
of the North and the South
fuck your momma in her ear
fuck your momma like salt and pepper
fuck your momma
Thank you everybody, good night!